Describe the release process for Kueue and align with Kubernetes (#4055)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: RELEASE.md

# Release process

To begin the process, open an [issue](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/issues/new/choose)
using the **New Release** template.

## Release cycle

> - Kueue aims for one minor release every two months, which allows to align with

Reviewer: Maybe an example here? I find it a little hard to understand.

For example,

0.10 -> 1.32.1
0.12 -> 1.33.1?

Author: sure, actually 0.10 is already released using 1.31.4, but this would be the release plan: 

Tentative Kubernetes plan based on 2024 schedules:

<b style="font-weight:normal;" id="docs-internal-guid-d4c62b93-7fff-bcea-2c6a-b3f3533eefe1"><div dir="ltr" style="margin-left:0pt;" align="left">
Kubernetes | Tentative release date based on 2024 schedule
-- | --
1.33.0 | 16th April 2025
1.33.1 | 15th May 2025
1.34.0 | 13th August 2025
1.34.1 | 11th September 2025
1.35.0 | 11th December 2025
1.35.1 | 17th January 2026

</div></b>

So for Kueue I think the plan will be like:

<b style="font-weight:normal;" id="docs-internal-guid-c312edd3-7fff-1f72-8039-ad91f0bbe991"><div dir="ltr" style="margin-left:0pt;" align="left">
Kueue | Target release date | Aiming to compile against
-- | -- | --
0.11 | 17th March 2025 | 1.32.x
0.12 | 19th May 2025 | 1.33.1
0.13 | 14th July 2025 | 1.33.x
0.14 | 15th September 2025 | 1.34.1
0.15 | 17th November 2025 | 1.34.x
0.16 | 18th January 2026 | 1.35.1

</div></b>

Author: Also, updated the PR description. Of course this is under assumption we don't release 1.0.0, but that should not change the schedule, just numbering.

  the Kubernetes release cycle every second minor release of Kueue.
- The "aligned" minor release of Kueue is around a month after the release of
  Kubernetes to compile Kueue against that release when the first patch
  release of Kubernetes is already available.
- The release cadence is not rigid and we allow a release may slip, for example,
  due to waiting for an important feature or bug-fixes. However, we strive it
  does not slip more than two weeks.
- When a release slips it does not impact the target release date for the next
  minor release.

## Patch releases

When working on the next N-th minor version of Kueue we continue to maintain
N-1 and N-2 releases. The release branches corresponding to the next patch
releases are regularly tested by CI. Patch releases are released on as-needed
basis.

We follow the Kubernetes cherry-pick [principles](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-release/cherry-picks.md#what-kind-of-prs-are-good-for-cherry-picks), but the choice of cherry-picks

> is more relaxed, eg. we allow to cherry-pick bug fixes for alpha features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is more relaxed, eg. we allow to cherry-pick minor improvements for [alpha Kueue features](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/installation/#change-the-feature-gates-configuration).
```

We always cherry-pick bug fixes regardless of feature stages, right? So, I would recommend mentioning "minor improvements" as an example. Indeed, we often have done that.

Additionally, could you add a link about "what is alpha stage"?
